One thing that we have not covered that we talked about
quite a bit in the last module was the assert and verify,
and there's a good reason for that.
The assert and verify is typically used in a programmatic fashion. It doesn't
mean that it doesn't work with what we're trying to do now,
but it's usually set up for something like a framework.
So if you wanted to test if you're at a certain location or if your page
contains something where you're currently at in this scenario,
you could do this where you say driver.getPageSource and see if it
contains some text that you want to search for.
And that will allow you to say, oh, I'm not where I think I am
and stop the execution of your current test.
But we're going to, in the later modules, build the assert and verify into
the framework that we're going to build upon, and that's why we have to
teach you the basics of WebDriver first before we can dive deeper into that for building such a framework.